So far we've been looking at documenting a GET request and we haven't had a chance to look at a request
object.
So what we're going to do is start working on the safe beer operation so we can take a look at how we
document a request object.
So say beer that's going to be taking in a beer detail.
So the method is going to be very very similar.
So if you come in here we come in and say and do like so again we're going to say document and let's
make sure that we pass in the same string.
So we want the same string value because we're describing the single API.
So we'll go ahead and pass that so.
And now what we want to do is we're gonna start expressing the request fields so I can see that's bringing
in the payload documentation.
And this is going to work very very somewhere.
So it's a field with path.
And let's say your name not description so say name of the beer.
So let's go ahead and run this now.
And as we can expect this is going to fail because we're not documenting all the fields all the requests
fields that it's going to be picking up
so we can see that this does come up.
And here you can see is complaining about I.D. version Create Date last date.
Now these are all properties that can be managed by the persistence layer.
So somebody creating this request should not be sending these and very easy way to do that.
So what we can do is come in here and say field with path again and let's say I.D. and we'd say is ignored
like that and now that is going to drop off.
Got a syntax error there told you this really really easy do some guy pause for a second and figure
this out and let's see what I did wrong here.
This is a little tricky so I put in is ignored and it should actually just be ignored as a property
because it is ignore it's returning back a boolean which is not what we want.
We want this that is going to be returned back a field descriptor so very easy mistake to make.
Like I said the syntax can get a little tricky here.
So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to go ahead and implement these remaining fields.
I'm going to pause them recording implement them and then we'll come back and do a quick code review
on that.
So fast forward ahead and edit in the additional documentation points so I added these I have not run
it yet.
So let's go ahead and run that make sure that our test is back in the green should be I think I got
everything and just to recap what I did.
So we have the ideas property version Create Date last modified date.
Those are all set to ignored because we're not documenting those.
The API users should never send those.
And then also quantity on hand that should not be sent in the request as well because that's all stuff
that's going to be maintained by the API the backend system API.
But as far as things like beer price UPC style and name of the beer those are all modifiable properties
for the API.
So we have that set up properly and you can see here if anything's missing from that object we will
get an error.
So that's a nice example here that we have to work with and again this is a safe new beer.
One problem you might be noticing a collapse.
Out now you're seeing we have the get and we have the Post both methods and can see that we're getting
a lot of code duplication.
So that that is unfortunately a side effect of using spring rest stocks.
There is a little bit of duplication there and I don't know of a way round there might be a way but
I actually do not know a way around to reduce the both of verbosity and also the duplication of effort
here.